ah
very good my dear lovers of the
heart wow how is the afternoon with
rocio carrasco and jorge javier who don't
stop dropping bombs let's call them
bombs but well there are a lot of people
outraged on social networks today
well we can more or less
agree but the audience is
surely raising them at the expense of
marta riesgo's show the supposed call there are
many things to talk about tonight
in addition we have Antonio David live shows
I think at nine thirty where he is going to
read the sentence in detail which by the
way they made a mistake this morning and it
wasn't 70 thousand euros more it was 100 thousand euros
more now in total
182 thousand euros that the
television factory has to pay Antonio David
150,000 for violating his honor and the 32
thousand that corresponds to the time that
Antonio David Flores should have worked they
tell me that this sentence is much more
devastating
the first one that even lets fall that the
things that he has said I know or carrasco no
that I don't know anything about the city or it is
taken away from veracity or  something like that are not the
literal words tonight
we will see them but I am eager to
read that sentence I am eager to
know the details because they tell me that it
is even more devastating if possible
against the television factory
and against Rocío let me remind you that the
first sentence already brought up that
agreement between Fidel and Rocío to
drop the lawsuit to drop the
compensations and so on very strong what I
just heard from
Rocío Carrasco's mouth is very strong
okay Rocío Carrasco has given the impression
that she is going to try to reopen the
gender violence case with what
Marta Riesgo would be doing
I understood it like that correct me if I'm
wrong but she said something like
no because Marta on some occasions
has said something like I want to
use her for a
gender violence case and I have to tell you
that until now it was not like that but now I am
going to do it and what I understand by
that is that in some way she wants to
present what Marta Riesgo is doing
according to Rocío Carrasco, inventing
a story that would leave Rocío Carrasco
completely as a person  obsessive
against her partner okay and having said this
morning that measures have already been taken trick and seriousness
has that not in case what
Marta from ccoo said which is the truth is that she is
a woman is Rocio Carrasco who does not
want to call her children that is how it is or
rather she herself has made documentaries
saying it and has done interviews where she
says that she is never prepared
for more suffering that she does not want to call them
that her daughter I don't know that I don't know how much
her daughter is worth tremendous to the daughter no that she
has no then
what Marta said risk that what
happens to what Marta Riesco said or
rather it is not intended that the
case be reopened with this
well you tell me if it has not been achieved if it was
not achieved reopening it by presenting an
suicidal attempt that according to Rocio
Carrasco she interpreted it as something
provoked by the father because the father
went to Big Brother and the daughter went to
defend him on Big Brother you tell me
what she is going to achieve she had although the
girlfriend the girlfriend of your partner well take and
tell a call in which you make it
seem like it is nonsense is that  We
use gender violence no longer
just as a television spectacle and
as a weapon to crush a couple I'm not
saying that
Toro Rosso Carrasco is entirely to blame because in the end
she will feel however she feels but what
is the network, even if it is what the
television factory does, especially if they
use it as a weapon against Anthony Davis,
a social issue that we are very
sensitized to, he explains in the
previous video, it makes me very sad
because the issue of
gender violence and the abuse of women must be
taken seriously and condemned and treated
as it deserves, it is not a
gossip show all afternoon making a
spectacle with one bait, with another bait,
putting a click here and another little music
there, no sir, we care
about women, they have never mattered if they had mattered, women would not have happened so many things that have happened on
your own plate, I mean, they are
using them as a weapon and
the move about Xavier is very dirty, I'm not saying that
Rocío Carrasco is tough, damn they are
lending themselves to this, to this program, but
what programs does Ita Marín edit?
Ita Marin what happens today is this
gender violence it is used as a
political weapon it is used as a weapon to
fight with another person it is used
to get revenge on your ex partner a
person because there are people who
literally do it to Diego
Carrasco development but there are people who use
gender violence
because they are spiteful as a threat as a
method to achieve it and that cannot be
please laws are created with
good intentions and in the end it is
what they have or there are laws that need to be
polished they need to be repealed even for
things like this and then you tell me
what the judges are going to say after
everything that has already been presented and the
judges have thought that tiririca you
saw because they have literally presented well I do
n't know if it is two thousand or three thousand
soles because each time it says a
different amount but all the pages without
stopping that they have presented in the
documentary have seen them the judges
have studied them they have investigated Antonia Vi
for three years what are they going to be now
with you telling him that the girlfriend is
saying that it is that you talk to you when
you do see you when you do get together
with the director of the magazine lectura and
you go to lunch with him and you give him the exclusive
that they're going to sue Olga that you're going to
sue the being that I don't know what that I do
n't know how much that it goes down what it's about what do
you think the judges are going to tell you
Carrasco
really I know these things then you
report things that they take into account
then you go to court for an
important matter you spend seven years and
nothing happens to you these are things that
really weigh the courts you know that yes
each one of us has the right to speak if
Antonio had spoken for 20 30 years
whoever has spoken Rocío Carrasco
has every right to tell her
version but the rest of us have every
right to believe they are not or not and they have
started to say that she cried when she
mentioned her children be it I can't
believe Rocío Carrasco under any
circumstances I believe it and I have nothing
I mean I try to listen to both
versions and be objective although I threw
one more than the other for me for a
little well more to what I've heard from what
I  I believe what I don't believe no but I
have nothing against this woman
but I don't believe that Rocío Carrasco
like she said right now that she cried
when she listened to Marta I risk
mentioning her children that she cried
but my soul dedicates 22 episodes
to your daughter putting the one that I don't see
and interviews and it has been Ana Rosa and they
are talking about your old lady
everywhere the nonsense that the one
you have right now and sitting next to you has said who
has called her everything and he is not the one
sitting next to you what are you telling me about
Kiko Hernandez who created a hashtag on
Instagram called pega madres that did
n't make you cry I refuse to believe
that it would make you cry that Marta El Riesgo
tells you that you don't want to call your
children
and doesn't make you cry that Kiko Hernandez
creates a hashtag on Twitter calling you or
calling your daughter the pega madre or rather please please it's that they
only manipulate the people they
want to manipulate which is the audience
of Sálvame they know the audience they
demand and they know what  that they don't have to make a
huge effort and I'm
telling you the case is not going to reopen
forget about it this has nothing to
do with gender violence this is
gossip or rather what we've been seeing in
our last few days that it's called that
if not more called that if the
reading director who got up with the
phone is gossip gossip press
gossip of the ladies and
gentlemen that we also like but don't
bring in here gender violence or
vicarious violence or any of this
please that they have absolutely nothing to do with it it
only has to do with that
a gentleman's family is being slandered
I'm informing you during the afternoon
okay the afternoon is warm don't
forget to subscribe and everyone hit
the subscribe button right now
[Music]